The Revolution was horrific, death and misery for many, as revolutions tend to bring. Also opportunity for some few, as revolutions tend to bring. As the Mad Machine Man activated his army of cyborgs, his Hybrid Future, the value of unit testing code, especially the code that keeps your army in a state of slavery to your will becomes highly apparent. 
    Of course, he did succeed in claiming the system, or at least all of it that matters. His code held in the vast majority of cases, and the Orbital Governance Body capitulated when their Interplanetary fleet was turned against them. But testing every case of a battle system involving human components was impossible. Some cases slipped. An integral hardware failsafe was bypassed when one cyborg's mind was uploaded into a science vessal's computer systems. Another case developed in reaction to the necessities of building assassins. The Mad Machine Man had a good understanding of the brain, and how to integrate silicon into synapse to his advantage. He wanted to control his subjects, and humans have a built in mechanism of control: the conscious. Morals. Social conformism. Sodiers can function from a place of ethics, fighting for their communities, even if that community is a brainwashed army of cyborgs and their mad creator/overseer. One profession that is inimicable to ethical functioning is assassin. 
    To kill effectively and without remose, defects had to be added to the moral structures in the minds of the assassins. In certain cases, those defects combined with the control firmware returned unexpected results. 
    Two such returns were Demetria and Ivan. They were assigned to eliminate a list of targets deemed likely to be resistant to the new order. They succeeded in ticking several boxes, several humans murdered on the toilet, in their beds, or guarding other humans. They felt no remorse for these slayings, but were intrigued by the nature of human suffering and death. They met their match in one of their targets. 
    Councillor Zar was an impressive man. Thoughtful in a way that could be mistaken for mild by those too foolish to realize the power behind his calm. He was cleverly defended, both with guards and with circumstance. He surrounded himself with valuable materials that an enemy would not choose to bomb, in locations where attackers would have to approach in person, unarmed. 
    And so the duo did. A formal ball for many political and economic elites. A hit that required as much planning as any, gaining entrance, preventing any detection of their enhancements, using th party as cover to access the Councillor's study, and waiting for him to retire there after the guests had gone home. 
    He was siting down to read. They watched as he made quick work of a report, and then continued on to a novel, a classic from the last days of the Earth. He had taste. They stepped into sight, and he betrayed no suprise, even as he sent a panic signal that they could both sense and block. 
    "A lot of effort to go through to tell me you hated my position the curfew debacle," he said. Demetria stepped closer. Tey had both had to abandon weapons to gain access to the party. This killing would be intimately close. 
    "A polite chuckle would have been appreciated. Well, they relationship of the politician and the assassin is as old as it no doubt is deserved. Before you force my retirement on me, however, may I offer you a refreshment?"
    He stood up not slowly, but deliberately, telegraphing that he was no threat, and went to the cabinet. He reached for one bottle, then changed his mind and drew out another. A warm looking brown liquid.
    "This is a liquor not unlike bourbon, though it possesses its own unique charms derived from the geolocal flora." He poured three glasses. Then winking "if you allow me to finish this drink, I can promise you my undying gratitude."
    Demetria let a short laugh slip, and Zar smiled, handing them each their drink. 
    ***Are we really going to let him stall us?*** Demetria asked, using their link, though she was asking with an answer in mind.