    Protagonist: Saris
    Plant: Pelluicidia -- Pel
    Early master: Antinion

    He was a shallow individual, and he chose her for shallow reasons. Her face verily glowed with a fragile innocence, even in her nightmarish existence, and her eyes shown with a cool, piercing light, like she was one of them already. Her full lips, turned down at the corners, said she knew he meant to hurt her, and the almost childlike softness of her face invited the suffering with the promise of feeling every last sting as though it were her first time. But her eyes were not innocent. Her eyes saw not only the what but the why, and cut with the condemnation of both the knowledge of good and evil and the ascension above it. When he selected her from his heard, she offered him no resistance, and no acquiescence. She merely watched from behind those cool blue eyes.
    His eyes were bright. They all had bright eyes, and perfect features, and looked as though they had makeup artists on retainer. He wondered how she would look. Would the beauty of her imperfections be lost? Would the softness be there when her skin hardened like ice? Would her eyes retain their quiet knowledge when they were looking up from the grave?

    She knew she was intended to be a gift. Her master had told her as much, and that she should be honored. She wasn't quite sure what honored meant, but she sensed he wasn't using it correctly anyway. She was also confused by the idea of a gift. Her mother had given her gifts when she was young. Her mother had always been kind, and stroked her hair and made her toys and dolls from rags and pieces of dried fungus. Most people just yelled at her and hit her. Mostly they were just scared. If she was clumsy or didn't know how to do something, she could slow them down, and they would be hurt by the master and his household. Sometimes they were mean to her simply because they had meanness in them. Mother told her they learned it from the great ones. The great ones only knew how to be cruel, and even when they seemed to be kind, they were just trying to be more cruel. Mother had explained this by giving her a doll, letting her play with it and come to love it, and then taking it away, and telling her she was going to burn it. That lesson had been very painful to learn, though mother didn't burn the doll, but gave it back to her when she said, through her tears, that she understood. As she grew, she learned that her mother was right, that the great ones were never really well meaning, and so when her master indicated that she was to be a gift, she wondered if he would burn her like her mother said she would burn the doll.
    "Saris, come inside, girl. I've been told to bathe you before your journey," said a very gray old woman peeking around the corner. Saris was still standing on the porch. She had never before been permitted inside the house, even when the wolves and the ghouls came, and was afraid that she would be beaten if she crossed in now. She was also afraid of what would happen if someone was forced to tell her the same thing more than twice, so she hurried to follow this woman.
    "This way, Saris. No dawdling. I have the bath already run. I doubt you've ever had one before so I'll help you."
    "Yes, ma'am."
    "Call me Ann."
    "Yes... Ann."
    Ann led her into a chamber with a large metal basin -- the bathe, apparently.
    "You're pretty underneath all this grime." said Ann as she scrubbed her. "I expect that's why the master took an interest in you."
    People sometimes called Saris pretty, and it made her uncomfortable. Now she was beginning to understand why.
    "Ann?" Saris asked.
    "Yes, child?"
    "Do you know where my mother is?"
    "Your mother is gone, child."
    That's what everyone always said when she asked.
    "Gone where? Where is she gone to?"
    "Don't be stupid, child."
    That was usually the response. Her mother had been gone a long time. She had seen Saris become a woman, but little else of her life. She was lead away by Soatsa, one of the master's consorts, and had never returned. Saris asked the other people, but always got the same response. "Your mother is gone." "Gone where?" "Don't be silly." She knew the great ones had done something cruel and awful, but no one would say what. Now, perhaps it was her turn to go where her mother had gone.
    Ann finished cleaning Saris and dressed her in a pretty silvery gown. It was well cut and sewn from expensive cloth, as the great ones wore, but was without finery or detail, reminiscent of the shapeless sacks Saris was used to wearing while gathering Pel. If she had ever heard of wrapping paper, her new outfit might have made her think of that. Once she was dressed, Ann left her, and not long after, the master walked in.
    "My my," he said, his voice soft and sonorous. "she will be delighted with you, I think." He circled her, like a stalking predator.
    "Where is my mother." Saris asked, bracing herself for punishment for her impertinence.
    Rather than angry, he seemed charmed by her boldness. "We drank your mother, child." he laughed.
    "What?"
    He stopped circling, and stared at her. "My my indeed! You are innocent. You were born here. Do you truly not understand what we are? What you are?"
    "I understand that you're bad." she met his gaze. His eyes bore all the compassion of ice. He could hurt her, hurt anyone, and feel nothing. Saris knew that it didn't feel good to hurt others, and it was the same for her mother and other people, but the great ones, nothing could hurt them, not even their consciences.
    "Oh, am I now? Because I eat my own cattle? I suppose it's natural for the cattle to feel that way." he smiled again. "I wonder if you'll feel the same when you're drinking some other young woman's mother. I wonder if you'll miss your own mother as you're enjoying the taste."
    She wasn't sure if he was speaking just to upset her, or if he meant what he said. It was horrible either way.
    "I don't understand you." she said.
    The master paused. "I think she might enjoy one as naive as you are. I don't think I'll spoil that for her."
    "Who?"
    "No no! Just wait and see. It's quite a journey to the castle, but I won't tell you any more. She will be delighted with you. I am committed to that!"
    He left her then. There was a loud click from the door a moment after he closed it.
    Saris looked at her surroundings. She still wasn't sure what most of the things were. A few pieces of beautiful furniture with doors for holding things, she supposed. And if that was a bed, it was nothing like that dried pel mats she was used to sleeping on. She wasn't sure what the material was that it was made from, but it looked too soft. It was frustrating being so ignorant of everything. Naive, he had called it, but it felt like being blind. Her mother had taught her a great many things, but also shielded her from too much, and now she was gone, and no one else cared enough to tell her anything. The only thing other people told her was where to go, what work to do, how much she could eat, and when she was finally allowed to sleep at night. Occasionally people would make fun of her in ways she didn't understand, especially if she asked questions. No one was her friend. No one helped her or explained to her.
    The master, Antinion, at least seemed interested in her. This was bad, she knew, but also a bit exhilarating to not be ignored for the first time since her mother left. They mostly saw the great ones from a far off in the fields where she lived and worked. Occasionally, one would come out to look over things. They usually looked bored and disinterested. She had only seen the master a handful of times in her life. The most recent time, he had deigned to see her as well, and now everything was happening and she wasn't prepared at all.
    She went to one of the pieces of furniture. A smaller one to start. The big door swung out, away from the bed, and she found some folded cloths inside. They were all very white, whiter than she had ever seen any cloth. She opened the other door, but it wasn't a door. It drew out a shelf contained within the furniture. She thought she broke something initially, then realized it was built to do this. How clever! She played with the drawer for some time before even looking at what it contained. Some bottles of pretty liquids, a knobbly glass rod, and some sort of brush, like the one Ann had painfully used on Saris' hair during her bath. Mincingly, Saris tried to replicate the action, but it moved smoothly through her brown hair without any pain at all. She must have been doing it wrong.
    Next she moved to the larger set of doors. She guessed they weren't doors but the drawers like the other one. They were, and they contained all sorts of things she wasn't familiar with, and she made a game of guessing what they might be used for. There were more bottles of things. She began smelling them and guessing if they were food or poison or something else. There were bird feathers and thin sheets of material that was almost like cloth, but wasn't. There was a dish of soft brown pebbles that smelled appealing, though they looked unpleasant. There were also several large bottles of some dark liquid, and pretty cups to drink from.
    Saris felt uncomfortable with nothing to do. People were made to work. She was used to working until she was near collapsing. It had always been that way, all her life, and for all the people she knew. She didn't like the grueling work, but not working was making her nervous and uncomfortable. She recalled her mother telling her that people are made to suffer, and the great ones are made to cause suffering.
    That didn't explain what the wolves and the ghouls were for, she thought.
    Ann walked in carrying a metal tray and Saris immediately asked "What are ghouls for?"
    The old woman didn't miss a step.
    "Don't ask stupid questions, child." she set the pretty tray on a pretty table. "This is your dinner. I'm going to teach you how to not eat like an animal so you don't ruin the lovely clothes the master has given you. Do you understand?"
    "Yes, Ann."
    "Good, get one of those chairs over there, yes that will do. And sit here like this. Keep your back straight. No, that's too far. I said straight. Now this is a fork..."
    Ann was an impatient woman, but Saris enjoyed the lesson. It was fun to play pretend like this, like she was something else, something pretty like the things around her. And the food, when she wasn't being scolded for eating it wrong, was quite good, and there was much more of it than she usually got to eat. After the meal, Ann helped her get ready for bed, and told her she'd be there in the morning to get her ready for travel. When Ann left, Saris lay in the dark with her eyes open. Her head was swimming and her muscles both ached and wouldn't hold still. She had never fallen asleep not exhausted. She didn't know how. And the soft bed hurt her back. She rolled around, laid under the covers, laid on the covers, paced. When Ann came to get her she was on the floor, having slept less than an hour when she was woken up. Ann cuffed her for not sleeping in the bed, and again for being ungrateful, and then dressed and taught her how to eat breakfast properly. Afterward, she was hustled down to the carriage house where the master was waiting.
    "You look lovely." he said, smiling in a way that made Saris shiver. They and another person and another great one boarded the carriage, and the driver spurred them into motion.
    Saris had never met either the other slave or the other master. The person was a young man, pudgy, dull looking. The great one was bored. Barely had they left the house but he was staring out the window of the carriage in utter disinterest. Saris and Antinion sat across from each other.
    "How long is the journey?" she asked, glancing at the landscape through the curtain over her own window.
    "Two days if we wished to ruin the horses. Four as it is."

    *********

    He loses himself and turns her drinks her himself. Manages to stop just in time to preserve some of the "gift".

    SHE notices and feeds him to her pets, but still takes in Saris to her court.

    Saris as a vampire feels strong in a way she has never experienced, yet must reconcile this with the fact that she is still a slave, now the property of HER, as a member of HER court. And as a newborn, the weakest creature there besides the humans. This on top of the thirst for what were once her own kind. This on top of the inability to sleep. From all of this, Saris becomes very nihilistic, and through her acceptance of a hollow life ending in death as her fate, chooses not to become a sycophant like all the rest of the court, and is frank and disingenuous in her dealings. This wins her a close spot next to HER, who admires the one among HER court without a brown nose. Of course, SHE admits to Saris that SHE will kill her if Saris says the wrong thing. Saris remains composed and detached.

    Saris continues to please HER, and SHE reveals to Saris the truth of Nocturn. The place sucks. It sucks for the slaves, and it sucks for the masters. No one experiences joy, here. Vampires cannot. All they get is cold pleasure from drinking warm bodies, and the occasional thrill of causing others to suffer. The great irony of it all is that for all their strength, all their hatred of their soulless lives, they are fundamentally cowards, panic stricken by their own destructibility. They are nothing inside, and so they so desperately need to feed on the outside, the ghosts with a stomach the size of a mountain, and a mouth the size of a pinhole. starving for meaning, sucking it out of the life around them to no avail. The void inside them waiting, desperate to swallow them whole the moment they fail to stave it off. "Our hunger is not the need for sustenance as it is for mortals. We could drink nothing and not die. It is the need to stave off the blackness within us. We offer it life and love and meaning, stolen from those who have it around us, and in turn it grows. That void is where we draw our strength. As we feed it, it grows, and we grow more desperate for meaning, and more fearful of being its next meal, falling ourselves into that nothingness to which we have condemned countless others." This is the first thing that breaks the detached facade Saris has been presenting, and she looks in fear at the void SHE described.

    Saris begins trying to control her nature. She takes to fasting to try to starve "the void", and through starvation induced hallucination, begins to learn to use trances as a substitute for sleep. She learns to read, continues to fast intermittently, learns autohypnosis, meditation, and other techniques of self control. She continues to walk with HER, and SHE points out the folly Saris had not seen. "You think you are the only one who has turned away from what we are? You aren't, and more importantly, you haven't. Not really. We are death. We consume and when we stop consuming, we are consumed. You see this pretty fester around you because we are the weak ones. We are the ones who couldn't let ourselves be consumed. Succeed in your aim, you'll be as all the others who have succeeded before you. Nothing. Consumed by the void within. Suicide is the only way out of what we are. Plenty have taken that route. Annoy me, and so shall you." Saris was left thoughtful and melancholy after that conversation. Nothing would change if she died. If she gave in, she would be just another leech, sucking meaning from the world. If she killed herself, that too would be meaningless.

    How to fit in wolves and ghouls. Ghouls could be another lesson, a vampire with all pretense stripped away, slavering, animalistic, horrid. The wolves as a certain antithesis. The enemy because they refuse to have their meaning pulled from them. They live, they care for each other in extremely tight knit social groups. They love and they fight to protect what they love. They have no time for the pretense or the pretty of the vampires. And the vampires despise them and hunt them for it. Perhaps Saris could get captured, or goes to meet them after a growing fascination following a hunt. 
